Add port, keys, user to DatabaseInfo with parent field ssh_info (#353)
exasol/integration-test-docker-environment: doc/changes/changes_2.0.0.md

Version 2.0.0 of ITDE comes with breaking changes as public API class `DatabaseInfo` has been changed.  Former separate attributes `database_port_forward`and `bucketfs_port_forward` have been replaced by a single attribute `port` set to an instance of `PortForwarding` with attributes `database`, `bucketfs`, and `ssh`.

> Up to version 1.6.0 ITDE used `docker_exec` to access the Docker Container, e.g. to analyze the content of logfiles or execute some shell commands. With version 8 of Exasol database the format of the Docker Containers might change so that `docker_exec` is no longer possible. Instead ITDE will then need to use SSH access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous version of the ITDE used `docker_exec` to access the Docker Container, e.g. to analyze the content of logfiles or execute some shell commands. In future versions of the Exasol Docker-DB the format of the Docker Containers might change so that `docker_exec` is no longer possible. Instead ITDE will then need to use SSH access.
```

> In previous version of the ITDE used `docker_exec` to access the Docker Container, e.g. to analyze the content of logfiles or execute some shell commands. In future versions of the Exasol Docker-DB the format of the Docker Containers might change so that `docker_exec` is no longer possible. Instead ITDE will then need to use SSH access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous version of the ITDE used `docker_exec` to access the Docker Container, e.g. to analyze the content of logfiles or execute some shell commands. In future versions of the Exasol Docker-DB the format of the Docker Containers might change so that `docker_exec` is no longer possible. Instead ITDE will then need to use SSH access.
```
